pain management 

1] Common medical procedures often induce excessive pain, 
anxiety and distress to patients undergoing them.

2]Distraction therapy (for example, exposure to music or video) 
is an alternative strategy for pain management during medical procedures 
associated with excessive amounts of pain. VR is an alternative to traditional 
methods of delivering distraction therapy to manage pain during procedures.


medical procedure anxiety 

1]Doctors can also use VR to explain complex procedures to young children 
and their parents.

2]“Kids think of it like a video game. They use a joystick to zoom in through 
corridors in their brain, look at their tumor, and view things upside down,”
says Gerald Grant, MD, endowed professor of neurosurgery and division chief 
of pediatric neurosurgery at the Brain and Behavior Center at Stanford Children’s Health.

3]VR, brings kids into the process and takes away some of their fear.


medical therapy and rehabilitation


1]Therapists are using VR to help people rehabilitate from strokes, Parkinson's disease,
 and injuries.

2]It allows patients with different neurological disorders to execute actions they are not 
able to perform in real life due to their disabilities.

3]With VR-based physical therapy and rehabilitation, therapists can choose software that 
helps the patient improve specific skills and targets individual problems


medical training 

1]The VR environment is so much more immersive, interactive, and engaging than many other 
educational formats that it has potential to change the landscape of medical education,”

2]VR-based medical education proved to be more effective than traditional methods and safe 
for students and patients.


surgical training

1]“At the end of day this is all about improving safety,” 

2]For patients, this can mean less time in the operating room and under anesthesia

3]For surgeons, it means they can push the envelope and safely explore new ways to do complex procedures.












